Fabrx Design
Copyright (c) 2019 Fabrx Design

*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

1. LICENSE

By receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Fabrx Design ("Software") containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Unless you have a different license agreement signed by Fabrx Design that indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Fabrx Design grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Fabrx Design products in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement with Fabrx Design. Fabrx Design does not transfer the title of its products to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Fabrx Design and the purchasers or users of any Fabrx Design products.

If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Fabrx Design product/s from your computer now and, if applicable, promptly return to Fabrx Design by mail any copies of and related documentation and packaging in your possession.

2. DISTRIBUTION

Fabrx Design and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Fabrx Design contact us at support@fabrx.co.

3. USER AGREEMENT

3.1 Use

Your license to use Fabrx Design products is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Fabrx Design products.

3.2 Use Restrictions

You shall use Fabrx Design products in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Fabrx Design products together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.


It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Fabrx Design products. If any person other than yourself or your company team (Depending on your license) uses Fabrx Design registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!


3.3 Copyright Restriction


Fabrx Design's name, logo and graphics file that represents Fabrx Design shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Fabrx Design . Fabrx Design retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Fabrx Design and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.

Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Fabrx Design, products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the license program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for Fabrx Design.

3.4 Limitation of Responsibility

You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Fabrx Design, its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of Fabrx Design's Software.

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will Fabrx Design, its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Fabrx Design or the use or inability to use Fabrx Design or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.


Photos or illustrations used in Fabrx Design are for demonstration purposes only, and their legal right are reserved to their owners.

If you need any further information regarding this License Agreement, please contact us at support@fabrx.co